I am Pooja Venkatesh pursuing my MS by Research under Prof. Dinesh Babu in
the ﬁeld of Data Sciences. My area of research combines both art and science
of prediction which includes predicting the expertise of a dancer using
Machine Learning techniques, image processing and video processing. My
other interests include classical dance form of Bharatanatyam. I would ﬁrst
talk to each of the person in the team to address his/her problems. I would
also take suggestiond from them anonymously since few of them might be
apprehensive about giving feedback openly. I would also give my opinion and
motivate them by telling about all the good work they have done and how
they can improve. I can tell about an incident where I have convinced my
friends who happened to be my project mates to take up the idea for our
project which they were not willing to initially. I then explained them the
advantages of taking it up and they ﬁnally agreed. I would really work hard
and put my 100 percent into the task I will be doing. I work well under
pressure and analyse any situation patiently before taking any decisions.
Being conﬁdent is like believing in yourself, believing in your ability to do
things and work hard for it. It means that you have self—belief and are capable
of handling any situation. Over conﬁdent on the other hand is believing that
you can do anything and everything. You do not analyse the situation but
think that you can overcome anything even before weighing the options. I am
happy with what my life has turned out to be. I would not make any big
changes but may be change small small things like be more proactive and be
helpful and polite