I am a carefree person,who likes to experience the utmost of |ife.| like
unreaviling the truth in any situation, and analytic in nature.| ﬁnd it hard to
go on with routine work, and like to explore new things. i would be more
focussed and dedicated to achieve my goa|s.The greatest regret i have is not
ﬁnding the thing i love the most in an early age, so that i could have
perfected my craft by now, i would deﬁnately have tried to ﬁnd the thing i
love. i do value time at work, i think if one know the art of spending time
judiciously the work is more than half done for him. breaking up the work in
accordance to time, eases off the burden, and motivates one to carry on with
the work in enthusia. i would ﬁrst try to convince myself with my idea, and try
to ﬁnd out what are the loop holes which would not allow my ideas to be
accepted by any person. I would work on that so that i sound more
convincing. i would also create a sense of urgency in my client to accept my
ide. it was during my report submission time at the end of 2nd semester in
M.tech. There were 5 reports to be submitted within 6 days time. i made up a
plan to do a part of the report for every 3 subjects each day so that i do not
get bored, and it worked and i could submit all the reports timely. at this point
of time i am not planning to go for higher studies, rather i am more focussed
to get a industrial experience, i would deﬁnately like to go for higher studies
if i am working on something new, and the company needs me to know more
about it theoritically